[Music]
can't stop it happen rain gutters of
stuff to poor suckers who thought they
could hang on to the way was change is
inevitable
[Music]
focus mother
[Applause]
[Music]
you thought dildos are bad y'all ain't
ready we've scaled this thing so much
bigger than last year it's just pure
madness I'm gonna kill your brother and
tear out his kidney and then I'm gonna
feed it through his [ __ ] dog let your
old man croak in a puddle of his own
piss each season we're doing sort of a
different holiday and this season is
about Easter the holiday that nobody
actually cares about we're gonna make
Easter great again I know that a lot of
people think that we went way too far in
our first season what'd he see this one
season to a happy bigger badder below
ear than you could ever imagine we also
get the opportunity to get some amazing
guest stars it was a big thrill to have
Big Show come to set when he called blue
sky Moochie pumpkin stop then we all
kind of teared up a little bit and of
course irreplaceable and Margaret when
Chris called me about doing this show he
said you know it's really out there I
can't explain
Wow Madison Square Park we're blowing up
like six nuns that came on the set a few
days ago and I saw what was happening we
just upped her dose of medication
you have no idea what is coming your way
you're gonna have to go to dark places
to get through this season
please don't take drugs watching season
two
[Music]
I like
hang in there baby
you
[Music]